# Africa_Food_Prices_Project BY EGBEAHIE, WHITNEY EHILUONAMHEN
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) was carried out on the Arica Food Price dataset. The len function was used to determine the unique count of the market, country,currency and state columns. The describe function was as well used to determine the mean values, count, standard deviation, minimum and maximum values for the numerical columns in the datasets which include the year, month and the quantity. Using the len function, three market types were discovered, namely;Producer, Wholesale and Retail and analysis were carried out on them. As regards that of the producer markets, analysis and charts were drawn for the least five prices in the producer market which captured the country Madagascar as the only country in the category, then bar charts were plotted prices against prices of the market and states to show the relationship between them. In the retail segment, analysis and chart were carried out on the countries with the least then prices, which showed the following countries; Gambia, Libya, Zambia and Zimbabwe in this category. Pie Charts were made for the countries with the lowest prices and furthermore bar chart was used to establish the relationship between market and prices.
Lastly, analysis was made for the top ten largest price in the Wholesale market segment in which Cameroon was the only country shown in this market segment. Bar charts were used to show the relationships between the produce and price.

Finally, Swaziland as one of the African country was extracted from the datasets using the loc function and visualizations were made on it.To determine the starting index and last index numbers, the loc funtion was used and Visualizations were carried out. Bar charts, pie charts,line charts and histogram were used to show various relationships between states, markets, produce, months and prices in Swaziland as an African country. For the entire dataset, count plots were made for currency and month using bar charts.

​
